<a href="/1.3/README.md">Back to the Table of Contents</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="/1.3/CONTENTS/POSTBACKS/POSTBACK_SYSTEM_OVERVIEW.md">Postback System Overview</a>
<h2>Passes&nbsp;Postback</h2>
<strong>Brief Overview:</strong>
This document will provide a technical description of the pass postback API. 
Having this API enabled allows you to send pass information back to your server whenever pass generation is triggered via any pass generated in your account.

<strong>Pass-Specific URL:</strong>
You can set your pass postback URL by logging into your account and going to &#8216;Account&#8217; tab and selecting the &#8216;API settings&#8217; button. Enter the URL under the setting &#8216;Pass Postback URL&#8217; and make sure that the URL is &#8216;working&#8217;. Also, make sure that the &#8216;Pass Generate Postback&#8217; setting is ON. Every pass generation triggered will start sending messages to your URL in the XML format shown above.

<a name="PassGen"><strong>Generate Pass Bundle</strong></a>

<strong>Synopsis:</strong> This postback provides a bundle of pass generation postbacks.
<strong><p>This postback will contain the following nodes:</p></strong>
CODE, ORIGIN<BR/>
STATUSCODE &#8211; contains the notification code for success/failure. These codes are explained under <a href="/1.3/CONTENTS/APPENDIX/APPENDIX_B.md">APPENDIX B</a><BR />
REFERENCEDBY &#8211; contains the reference value type that was used to generate this pass i.e., email, phone, etc.<BR />
REFERENCEVALUE &#8211;contains a reference value that was used to generate the pass.<BR />
CUSTOMPASSID &#8211; contains the custom pass id. This is the optional pass id that is passed when making a Pass generate/Add pass data API request to reference this pass in future requests.<BR />
PASSDATAID &#8211; contains the data id which is generated by our system when we create a new pass.<BR />
SERIALNUMBER &#8211; contains the pass serial number. This is unique number generated for each pass.<BR />
TIMESTAMP &#8211; contains the timestamp when this pass was generated.<BR />

<strong><p>This postback bundle has the following anatomy:</p></strong>
<pre>
&lt;POSTBACK xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:no
NamespaceSchemaLocation ="http://www.skycore.com/schema/pass-postback.xsd"&gt;
    &lt;ORIGIN&gt;GENERATE_PASS&lt;/ORIGIN&gt;
    &lt;STATUSCODE&gt;N801&lt;/STATUSCODE&gt;
    &lt;REFERENCEDBY&gt;Email&lt;/REFERENCEDBY&gt;
    &lt;REFERENCEVALUE&gt;vikmut@mail.com&lt;/REFERENCEVALUE&gt;
    &lt;CUSTOMPASSID&gt;ID-123323&lt;/CUSTOMPASSID&gt;
    &lt;PASSDATAID&gt;40556&lt;/PASSDATAID&gt;
    &lt;SERIALNUMBER&gt;5294CE37878AE-112613-113711&lt;/SERIALNUMBER&gt;
    &lt;TIMESTAMP&gt;2013-11-26T11:37:11-05:00&lt;/TIMESTAMP&gt;
&lt;/POSTBACK&gt;
</pre>
